[Music]
Hello, how are you all my
dearest Lovers of the heart, I hope
you're having a spectacular day,
I hope you're enjoying the
weekend, and well, I wanted to announce to you all
so you don't forget that today
we're going to have a spectacular live show, okay, I'm going to prepare a program and also I'm going to prepare it with enthusiasm, okay, I'm going to prepare it there really hard with collaborators and today I'm going to have Paco de Narváez but I'll confirm it in a little while but the strongest thing,
okay, apart from the things that
Paco is going to bring us, which is good, he'll probably
bring things that you're going to like a lot, we
also have exclusives related
to Raquel Mosquera with her
radio show, we'll see. The thing is
that during the afternoon we're going to have
live connections with Marina Snack
who is going to be covering the event in which
several
celebrities from
television are going to meet. Okay, and we're going to be connecting
with her trying to talk to those
characters, there's Malta Risk, I think
Alejandra Rubio is there, the maestro Joao
anyway, a lot of people from television who are
going to meet there and  marina snall is going to
be with us live.
Connecting from there and we're going to have a
spectacular afternoon. I'll
confirm the time later, but of course
I want you to stay tuned, attentive
because it's a bomb, okay,
the video that we're going to comment on here is a bomb.
And well, this clip is completely
crazy, don't pay attention to what Rocío
Carrasco said on last night's show Media
Fest, which by the way, I don't even need to
say it anymore, I didn't even break news about
this. But it has been a tremendous failure again
with 9%, having half the
audience as La Voz. The Fuchsia Tide
are not fanatics of anything, they are people who
defend a social movement.
I love it because they have taken the same
argument as if they were the Blue Tide,
but they have translated it to the Pink Tide, not
in the way. Look, Rocío, the last time
you spoke about the Fuchsia Tide, okay, the
last time you addressed your fans,
you called them the Pink Tide. Okay, so
this thing about it being a movement that they are not
fanatics, what movement? So you
want to present it as if it were the
Blue Tide, which was a social movement
that was not Antonio David's and started with
another.  people I mean no there is no
movement Rosa okay the fuchsia tide
are not fanatics You're welcome nothing they are not
fanatics It's worth nothing they are people in very good
conditions very educated they are people who
are in the sea of ​​good okay they are people who
defend a social movement
okay a social movement let's see
these people who defend a
social movement in a completely
orderly and civilized way rosito Define the
fuchsia tide as a social movement
movement Yes but of many people
who impart tremendous hatred towards
many among them the first is your daughter
and you only need to beatify them that you
defend them so much and for your children you don't
move a finger it's worth making yourself look at
well as you are being able to verify
here this that I can't put okay
but impressive no that I know that
Marisol was characterized yesterday No a
person who precisely has well
supposedly that aura No and that
angelic image like Marisol had I don't think that
the same effect does not cause okay I say it like this
in a
non-personal way of course Not
fuchsia tide let's see this tweet from the
fuchsia tide when it was thought that the
fuchsia tide could not say anything worse  to what I
had already said they manage to surpass themselves the
group of Rocio Carrasco fanatics
goes to the extreme of using a minor
to attack and harass Antonio David
Flores and his daughter Rocio Flores not
a single day goes by without this movement
that is driven by hate remembering the
episode that occurred between Rocio
Carrasco and Rocio Flores look at the
tweet please this is this comes up in
relation to the fact that
this is tremendous or rather this comes up in relation to the fact
that the other day
Marta riesgo uploaded a photo doing
homework with Lola making friends not
with Lola it's not incredible the tweet is
incredible what we're going to hear I hope
that Lola after being a few
days with Rocio Flores and Antonio David doesn't
come home manipulated and beat up
Olga and the
bestial bestial story repeats itself I think that here jero is
defining everything perfectly
this is good well I'm simply
here posting a tweet okay responding
the other day to the smart teacher
Joan and here a girl who has now
changed her photo but she had it the other day
and you saw it live the photo of Rocio
Carrasco I only wish your daughter in her
life an abuser like Antonio David
Flores and a daughter like rot 13
incredible luck who has given her I like this
please well
one with people with heart
who is going to give heart to this
fuchsia tide one with the purple heart
another with the purple heart okay I am a
feminist and a tarot reader I support Rocio
Carrasco anyway they are all the same
cut from the same cloth a
social movement don't miss it the
same come back another time okay
look at you Here I was asking about the
debate with Frank cuesta not to
organize the debate we were
talking about and he appears again to put me
Get to work
unpresentable the punctuation marks
is that these people do not know them because they do
have in common that the
school Spanish and so on is not
like it is not a strong okay they are
purple hearts Look at many
purple hearts okay Rocio yes I believe you
fuchsia tide Get to work
unpresentable so that your daughter can
feel proud of you filth I do not
know if I will be  I agree or not you guys
but I think these are
completely solid arguments okay I mean they
're arguments well
anyone anyone can refute it no well
with this one I was arguing the other day I do
n't remember if it was live or what it
was but it's pure hate damn [ __ ]
Clara makes a Clara makes a reference
to her behavior okay her name let's see
[ __ ] Ana Orante never had the
sentence as vicarious
gender violence as vicarious gender violence
These people already have the terms made up that they
invent idiots like Irene Montero they do
n't even know how many names to give her
because every time she went to
report it they sent her home
No honey
Ana an hour ago she didn't have a sentence for
gender violence because the
law on gender violence didn't exist in fact it
started to change as a result of her case if
Ana had had a
sentence for her abuser before it would have been
a stupid sentence for injuries
like the one Vanesa Martín had who
well according to the sentence they beat her
brutally and they simply sentenced
the accused to 3000 euros Okay so
that's the most she would have
had  Ana now before okay or so
tremendous and besides here it seems to me I mean I
have a video explaining all this
okay And here it really is that maestro
Joao doesn't give a damn Ana an hour before he is
using her to put her On the same level
as Rocío Carrasco saying that if
a woman doesn't have a sentence it doesn't
mean that she isn't abused
anyway he could spend half an hour
explaining This is okay but either they wouldn't
understand it or it would be absurd because whoever does
n't want to understand it you don't have [ __ ] and
here once again maestro Joao who
behaves like a bullying okay makes
a Clear reference again to he doesn't
have a [ __ ] Look I don't have a [ __ ] I don't have it
okay work Moreno He doesn't have it
up the fuchsia tide tonight all
with Jorge Javier we are going to flatter more
so that they call us from Telecinco maestro
Joao very well This is what there is to
do this is what there is to do work
Moreno I don't have a [ __ ] I don't have it Wow and to
think that this man is like 70
years old and acts this way Wow maestro how
proud eh how proud you are Read me The little
crystal ball let's see what I  guess
in the future no and here you have another
example But well we could be days
and days and days I think we could
make endless content I think we
could do a live broadcast probably
for 24 48 hours reading only
hate tweets of well of this tide that according to
Rocío Carrasco is a social movement
the fuchsia tide are not fanatics It's nothing it
's a movement that has
nothing to do with Rocío Carrasco I mean not at
all at all it's a
social movement that already existed
before like the light blue tide of a
lifetime they are people who defend a
social movement
a social movement well what a
social movement I'll tell you where
that movement should be and what
movements to compare it to no family
tell me your opinion I will be
reading you I send you a huge hug and
until the next video
[Music]